- https://www.thedigitalcatonline.com/blog/2016/11/14/clean-architectures-in-python-a-step-by-step-example/
- data flow and data traitement
- The domain in which the web framework operates is that of the HTTP protocol, so when the web framework has decoded the request it should pass the relevant information to another component that will process it. This other component is called use case, and it is the crucial and most important component of the whole clean system as it implements the **business logic**
- Business logic is the specific algorithm or process that you want to implement, the way you transform data to provide a service. It is the most important part of the system
- The use case implements a very specific part of the whole business logic
- the main purpose of a good system architecture is to separate concerns, that is to keep different responsibilities and domains separated. The web framework is there to process the HTTP protocol, and is maintained by programmers that are concerned with that specific part of the system, and adding the business logic to it mixes two very different fields
- **separation of concers** : Different parts a system should manage different parts of the process. Whenever two separate parts of a system work on the same data or the same part of a process they are coupled. While coupling is unavoidable, the higher the coupling between two components the harder is to change one without affecting the other.
- **abstraction** : When designing a system, it is paramount to think in terms of abstractions, or **building blocks**. A component has a role in the system, regardless of the specific implementation of that component. The higher the level of the abstraction, the less detailed are the components. Clearly, high-level abstractions don't consider practical problems, which is why the abstract design has to be then implemented using specific solutions or technologies.
- **inversion of control** : A technique used to avoid strong coupling between components of a system, that involves wrapping them so that they expose a certain interface. A component expecting that interface can then connect to them without knowing the details of the specific implementation, and thus being strongly coupled to the interface instead of the specific implementation.
- The main immediate advantage of a layered architecture, however, is testability. When you clearly separate components you clearly establish the data each of them has to receive and produce, so you can ideally disconnect a single component and test it in isolation. 